and look like liked how the mother in lux
Today I will present a way to beat
penalty with stoner is you are so it is
without it was in the contour goalkeepers
one in hands so I will manage the
ore of the year I can not understand
who will then have two or three laps and
manu so we did not have it is
so more economical
we are not talking to the council
goalkeeper want to keep is the way to
if you do this whole time in three wells
force and make a count
I make a total dose not wanting to leave
like this
this is a very practical way to
score goals may also face
so how many montosa but this one is more
difficult because celso manu by lot
they can understand how to function as
there is a chance
the funk like I said hands up on
Our year in charge is only one kilo
the day taking place I do not know why
come from all sides, it only counted
total is quite easy is to buy because
they stay there as here in Tokyo
try the mother
there were many times you scored like this
and opponents nor will my level and
this is sometimes not expected
especially in Priscilla
the fly we advise doing this problem
on the network but upwards how much more
interest
I do not go in and let's say when
he attacked to score in penalty and as he says
The second toxic motorcycle is the
shankly increase is the three-voice modules
for 18 to see with the aim are not made
so three casualties for the government
I will try again
firm angle is like this
target voices in two or three dead
I've been fooling myself now, if this is the case.
two or three bars have to do
stop when I was recruited in the
ball and I do it for myself and pull the ifms in
pop want and do not leave the first
now the meat Chinese for example two
delays and can not install on the
chicken and thing stirred was there direct and
it was with little force he will be clear that
Not only that now I've been stupid and not
Stopped and I will always defend
in practice you can then get us
makes the programs of the
area is to score there and the penalty is
I think the project not only leaves a layman
favorite to sign up if we want to
more fifa activities and this helps
too much for us to have essential in
Youtube with this and we pay you, huh?